Added DCO instructions to contributing guidelines. (#44)
ros-infrastructure/vcs2l: CONTRIBUTING.md

   the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
   with Licensor regarding such Contributions.
~~~

> Contributors must sign-off each commit by adding a `Signed-off-by: ...`
> line to commit messages to certify that they have the right to submit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributors must sign-off each commit by adding a `Signed-off-by: ...`
the last line of the commit message  or by doing `git commit -s` to certify that they have the right to submit
```

   the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
   with Licensor regarding such Contributions.
~~~

Contributors must sign-off each commit by adding a `Signed-off-by: ...`
line to the last line of the commit message or by doing `git commit -s` to
certify that they have the right to submit
the code they are contributing to the project according to the

> [Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO)](https://developercertificate.org/).

Author: I have added the commit suggestion to the Contributing guide.
